We have this great tool, Babel loader combined with Babel preset-env which takes our browser instructions
here and then gives us code that just the works in these old browsers or almost, together with feature
detection it might work there because we're not even trying to get the clipboard API and therefore execute
this promise
if the browser doesn't support it but if we had other code that also relies on promises that can't
be compiled to older code by Babel, we would have code that works in older browsers from the core syntax
perspective but doesn't really work because we still use other features like promises that aren't supported
in the older browsers, so we might need to add a polyfill here into our code so that we have the best
of both worlds, feature detection, transpiled code and polyfills for features that we need.
Now of course if we know we worked with promises, we can search for promise polyfill, follow the installation
instructions here and add it to our project and that would be absolutely fine
but if we have a project that's getting bigger and bigger, it can be cumbersome to manually manage all
these polyfills, to find out which polyfills we need,
you have to check everything,
that's annoying because after all the advantage with Babel is that we don't have to think about modern
Javascript syntax,
we can just write it and rely on Babel to compile it, would be nice if the same would happen for
polyfills.
If Babel sees that we use a promise, it would be nice if it would just include a polyfill for that
so that we don't have to do it
and the good thing is Babel is capable of doing that. Under the hood,
it relies on a package named core-js, if you google for that, you will find that github library and
in the end core-js is like a collection of polyfills you could say, it's a huge package with a bunch of
built-in polyfills.
If you dive into the repository there, you see you've got a bunch of subpackages there, bunch of code
in there.
Now that's nice,
you can import core-js and suddenly you have access to all the Javascript features of the world in
all browsers
so to say. The problem is you could do that, you could import or install core-js with npm for example
and just import it at the top of your file but then you would really add everything, even features you
don't need.
So let's do that first and see how we can then improve that,
let's install it with npm install --save, now not save-dev but save because it will be a third
party library
that's part of our final code and not just some development tool,
core-js, that's the name of the library.
Let's install that
and now let's add it at top of our app.js file simply by writing import core-js
like this.
This will work,
webpack will be able to handle this but we'll have a problem there.
Let's run npm run build: dev to start our development server again. If we do that and we reload our
page,
it works
but if we go to the network tab, we will see that we have a huge app.js file,
it has 2.4mb.
Now it's also that big because it's not optimized at all and it has a lot of debugging instructions
but still that is huge.
Let's see how big it is
if we remove this import,
so let's come in and out,
save that,
it automatically rebuilds
and now you see it's just 900kb. It is still pretty big for this small of an app
but again that is because of all the development mode overhead code, in production it will be way smaller.
So already here we see it's only a third of the size as it is when we add core-js,
so simply throwing in core-js like this might not be that nice because we bloat our application just
to make promises work because it adds so many other features which we aren't even using here,
so we want to be a bit more careful.
Well we can use core-js also in a different way and import just what we need, for example core-js
features promise. If we tweak our import to just use the features part and there the promise part
of the package and we save that,
we see if we go back to our application, now it's still bigger than before,
bigger than the 900kb without the import but only a bit.
So really not that much and far away from the 2.4mb we saw before,
so this is better but we still have to manually manage what we use
and that's ultimately not what I want to do,
Babel should do that for me and therefore, I'll actually comment this out
and with core-js installed and you need to install it manually,
that's important
but with it installed, we can now go back to the webpack config here and tell Babel to actually use
that polyfill or do that auto polyfilling for us. For that here in presets, we need to tweak this and
actually wrap this preset in a nested array here,
so an array in an array because that allows us to add a second element to that inner array which is
a configuration object for this preset.
Now in this object here, we can configure this preset-env there, there is a use built-ins option.
Now this option is the option that allows us to control polyfilling behavior,
the default is false here which means no polyfills are added automatically.
Now we can set that to usage or to entry, with entry you manually need to add polyfill imports, very
generic imports like this general core-js import we had there earlier and Babel will then replace
it with the actual polyfills you need or you just use usage here and then Babel will add polyfill
entries as it detects it,
so it basically checks which features your code is using and then it will add imports for these feature
polyfills automatically.
So let's try usage here.
Now one note, you need one other package which you can install with npm install --save and that's
the regenerator runtime package here. So you can simply copy that name and then here, install this as
well.
This is simply another polyfill package handling some other features which core-js does not
handle which Babel also will try to utilize if it sees that it needs it. Now with that, we're not entirely
there though, at the moment you also need to add a core-js option here, might not be required in the
future but right now it is and that in turn takes an object as well where you set the version to three.
This basically tells Babel loader which version or Babel preset-env I should say, which version of
core-js you're using because there was a bigger change between version two and three and we're using version
three here, the latest version which is better and we need to tell Babel preset-env that we're doing
that so that it uses this package correctly.
Now with that, let's run npm run build: dev and see what we get. This now starts the webpack dev server,
seems to compile without errors and on my page I get this app.js file.
Now as you see, the size hasn't changed,
the reason for that is that Babel checks my app.js file and it doesn't really see that I use a promise
here or to be precise, it sees no need to add a polyfill for this promise here and correctly so because
the clipboard API won't be available in browsers that don't support promises anyways, so we don't really
need to polyfill for promises
if the only place where we need a promise is an API that won't work in these old browsers anyways.
So having a promise polyfill would not help us.
So to still show you that it works however, let's create our new own promise here,
simply a dummy promise with which I do nothing else but output it
but that it's enough to show Babel and Babel preset-env that I do have a promise
it should polyfill. If I now save, indeed you see app.js grows to 1.1mb.
So it's bigger because this now includes some core-js polyfill, we can also check this response here and
search for core, core-js and you will see there is some core-js content in there.
So now this is getting included here and we therefore take advantage of Babel and its auto polyfilling
feature. Now an alternative configuration you can set here is that you change this to entry, if
you change this to entry here, then you need to add imports and app.js at the top of the file, you need
to import core-js/stable and import regenerator runtime/runtime.
Now these imports will now actually be replaced by Babel with polyfill imports that make more sense for
your project.
If I now save this here and restart the build process to take the new config into account, you'll see
if I reload,
we now have a far bigger file because now we include almost all polyfills.
The reason for that is that in the end, Babel of course analyzes your code but it does not load polyfills
based on the features you're using but actually based on the browsers list you specified. So it loads
all polyfills you would need to support browsers that meet this specification.
Now why would you do that?
Well this is a good option if you don't know which exact features you want to use and if your code is
not all the code that should be taken into account.
If you're using a bunch of third-party packages which might be using features older browsers don't support,
Babel does not check these third-party packages, so then your browser list might be the best indicator
to show which browsers you want to support so that you are better safe than sorry and load all polyfills
these third-party packages might need and that's why you might want to go for this entry configuration
instead of usage.
Here however I want to use usage because for our project where we use no third-party packages, this
makes more sense. With that of course we can comment out these imports,
save that and restart our build process so we're back to the smaller package here.
So now to conclude this, let's now also copy this setup for the presets here that utilizes our core-js
polyfilling into our production code and let's replace this preset here in the array, not the
entire array, just the preset with that array so that we have an array in an array to make sure that we
now also apply this automatic polyfilling to our production code.
So now if you run npm run build: prod,
we basically do the same as in development mode but now we get our production ready code which also
uses polyfills
our code might require.